# general

## tagline

The pandemic is temporary; travel is forever.

## secondaryTagline

We give you a 100% money-back guarantee---especially when no one else will!

## home

Home

## about

About

## science

The science

## team

Team

## faq

FAQ

## policies

Policies

## contact

Contact us

## subscribe

Subscribe

## request

Request access

## email

Email

## login

Log in

## logout

Log out

## months

months

## defaultEmail

louise@example.com

## passwordLabel

Password

## confirmPasswordLabel

Confirm password

## requiredNotice

* Indicates required fields

## continueLabel

Continue

## finishLabel

Finish registration

## organization

Hotel

## name

Name

## firstLastNamePlaceholder

First and last names

## cornerCase

You have found a corner case in our website, please contact us.

## agreementStub

I agree to the

## terms

Terms and Conditions

## or

or

## and

and

## channelLabel

How did you hear about us?

## localHotels

From local hotels

## chamberOfCommerce

Chamber of commerce

## tourismOffice

Tourism office

## socialMedia

Social media

## wordOfMouth

Word-of-mouth

## advertising

Advertising

## other

Other

## copyrightNotice

The CoVoucher Authors, all rights reserved.

## companyNotice

CoVoucher, CoVoucher20, and CoVoucher-20 are trademarks of Covoucher Ltd, a company limited by shares and registered in England and Wales (12526044), and of Genuine Happiness, Serviços Digitais Unipessoal Lda, a company limited by shares and registered in Portugal (515934151).

## policyStub

I agree to the policies:

## policyList

Privacy Policy, Data retention policy, Data protection policy, and Cookie
policy.

## marketingStub

I agree to being contacted occasionally about initiatives that CoVoucher20 deems relevant to me (such as marketing, related projects, and academic research).

## description

Description

## job

Job

## jobPlaceholder

Hotel manager, tourism officer, ...

# home

## title

We help local tourism through the pandemic

## subtitle

CoVoucher20 is a platform for consumers to plan holidays and help local hotels
through the pandemic. Anyone can start planning their holidays now to escape the
confinement, and we mutualize the business risk and ensure that a hotel will be
able to accommodate your stay.

## image1

Holidays

## image2

Adventure

## image3

Exploration

## image4

Community

## image5

Connection

## image6

Travels

## image7

Escapades

## image8

Relaxation

## wordFromFounder

A word from the founder

## textFromFounder

Hello!

My name is Miguel Morin and I am the founder of CoVoucher20. When countries
started locking down, I knew that a crisis of this size could mean the end of
millions of local hotels. I have used my background in software development and
my recent passion in entrepreneurship to launch CoVoucher20 in record
time. [Read our story](/about#story).

## howItWorks

How it works

## how1

Tourism offices, destination management organizations, and local hotels describe
their offering.

## how2

We promote the local region on our website to consumers.

## how3

Consumers browse hotels and buy vouchers to use when travelling after the pandemic.

## how4

Hotels receive a money guarantee immediately and are better able to cope.

## howSave

Can CoVoucher20 really save a local hotel?

## howSaveText

This is our most frequent question, so we dedicated a large part of our
[Frequently Asked Questions](/faq#save) to an example with numbers and the economics of CoVoucher20.

## like

Like what you see?

## likeText

CoVoucher20 works for hotels in all euro-area countries, and for consumers all
over the world. Registration is by invitation only.

# 404

## notFound

Page not found

# about

## mission

Our mission

## mission1

We pledge to help local hotels survive through the pandemic

## mission2

We pledge to help consumers cope with isolation and plan nice activities after the crisis

## mission3

We pledge to enable academic research and inform economic and public policy

## mission4

We pledge to spread the hope that together we will make it through

## challenge

The challenge

## challengeText

The COVID-19 pandemic has triggered significant economic losses. Local hotel owners face an existential threat. They may be unable to pay staff, utility bills, or even their rent and mortgages. For owners and their staff, it is essential to keep their homes safe, ensuring personal security and avoiding exposure to the virus and further economic impact.

Generosity through tourism is the answer. People can support local hotels
throughout and beyond the pandemic lockdowns. The finances of the local tourism
areas that you want to visit may take a dip, but won’t completely crash. We want
to see them on the other side of this emergency, and they want to see you.

We can avoid a crash in our communities by keeping the money flowing and helping
businesses adapt and survive. CoVoucher20 provides a trusted platform for
businesses that need digital support, or secure and accountable financial
transactions.

## vision

Our vision

## visionText

We envision that local hotels will survive through the pandemic and have stronger connections to their patrons; that consumers will quickly be able to resume a normal life with the local hotels they love the most; and that we all emerge from this crisis with more gratitude and stronger social connections.

## story

Our story

## storyText

During the Great Depression in the United States, the uncertainty around the economy caused people to stop spending money. This slowdown in the circulation of money caused a cascade of shutdowns: businesses saw a drop in income and could not pay their staff or their loans, owners and employees could not pay their mortgages, banks foreclosed on mortgages, and millions became homeless, living in shanty towns called "Hoovervilles."

It is essential that circulation of money is not cut off. We have therefore created a platform to help the money keep flowing.

Anyone can buy vouchers today to support their local hotels, which in turn means the business can pay their staff, who in turn can keep paying their mortgages and buying what they need, despite being isolated at home and unable to work. We are all doing our bit to slow the spread of the virus - and now there is an opportunity to keep businesses afloat. We can be there for them today so they can be there for us tomorrow.

We are a team of passionate and skilled people. Project Lead Miguel Morin has studied and worked in the world's top universities, with a BSc Computer Science from [Ecole Polytechnique](https://polytechnique.fr) (Paris), a PhD in economics on the Great Depression from [Columbia University](https://columbia.edu) (New York), a post-doc in Economics at the [University of Cambridge](https://www.cam.ac.uk) (UK), and a post-doc in artificial intelligence at [The Alan Turing Institute](https://turing.ac.uk).

## meetTeam

Meet the whole team

# science

## economics

Economics

## economicsText

The world economy is facing a serious threat recession. This is because, in the
words of economists, a stop in the velocity at which money circulates can
severely impact consumption and income. A case study during the Great
Depression, where the state of Mississippi was divided into the Federal Reserve
Districts of Atlanta and St Louis, showed that the policy to preserve the
banking system and the flow of money avoided a 32% decline in employment. (See
[the academic journal](https://www.aeaweb.org/articles?id=10.1257/mac.5.1.81) or
[the final draft](https://www.dropbox.com/s/mh7qtpm5xobxpip/mississippi_banks_AEJ_final.pdf?dl=0).)

## psychology

Psychology

## psychologyText

When you help others, you feel better yourself. Generosity is a gift that keeps
on giving. Even just thinking about being generous [makes people
happier](https://time.com/4857777/generosity-happiness-brain/). See [a short
summary](https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/emotional-freedom/201112/the-benefits-generosity)
or [a comprehensive research review](https://bmcpublichealth.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/1471-2458-13-773).

## anthropology

Anthropology

## anthropologyText

The imaginary concept we call money can have real and lasting impact on our
lives. Consider the natural experiment in Yap, a small island in the Pacific
that used stones as money. The most valuable were so large that they could not
be moved and banking records were kept in the tribe's collective memory. In
1898, Germany purchased the island from Spain and was unable to force the
natives to build roads. Germany decided to paint the stones, which the islanders
believed to make them worthless, until roads were built. The flow of money
stopped and the community was so affected that they built the roads immediately,
following which Germany removed the paint from the stones, and life went back to
normal. (See [original article](https://miltonfriedman.hoover.org/friedman_images/Collections/2016c21/Stanford_02_01_1991.pdf).)

With CoVoucher20, we can keep the money circulating, support the livelihoods of
our neighbors, and build more resilient and connected local communities.

# team

## miguel

Miguel Morin is a serial social entrepreneur with a background in computer
science (BS from Ecole Polytechnique, Paris; software engineer at [The Alan
Turing Institute](https://www.turing.ac.uk/)) and economics ([PhD from Columbia
University, New York](https://econ.columbia.edu/phd/placement/); post-doc at
[the University of Cambridge,
UK](https://www.ineteconomics.org/research/experts/mmorin)). His [doctoral
dissertation](http://www.columbia.edu/~mm3509/) focused on unemployment and the
Great Depression. He previously launched [Puzzli](https://puzzli.org/), a
patent-pending "smart toy" to teach children to read.

## louise

Louise Le Gat is the in charge of vision and social media strategy. She is the
Founder and CEO of [Positive Energy Leaders](https://www.louiselegat.com/) and a
partner of the Accelerate 2030 program, she works alongside the United Nations
(UNDP) and The Impact Hub, supporting social entrepreneurs to scale their
impact.

## barbara

Barbara Boelmann is an applied labour economist and a PhD student at the
[Department of Economics at the University College
London](https://www.ucl.ac.uk/economics/). She is also a member of the [Centre
for Research and Analysis of Migration
(CReAM)](https://www.cream-migration.org/). Barbara has previously worked with
the [Research Data Centre at the RWI Essen,
Germany](http://en.rwi-essen.de/forschung-und-beratung/fdz-ruhr/). She is
advising on the rollout of Covoucher20 and in charge of communication with the
academic community. Barbara obtained an M.Sc. in Economics and a B.A. in
Sinology from the [Ruhr University Bochum](https://www.ruhr-uni-bochum.de/en).

## alison

Alison Winter is our Communications and Marketing Manager. Alison has most
recently worked with The Smithsonian Channel, [The Alan Turing
Institute](https://turing.ac.uk), Glaxo Smith Kline (GSK), and the Medicine's
Health and Regulatory Agency (MHRA) to thoroughly research and effectively
communicate the latest in research and development, leading awareness campaigns
in new vaccines, fake medicines, data science, and AI. Agency side, she was Key
Account Manager for IDEMIA (formally Morpho), who specialise in augmented
identity and support GOV.UK, and she worked with clients in the fields of
training and development, and renewable energy. Alison also worked for several
years in digital and communications teams to support and improve university
websites, content and campaigns. This included Queen Mary University of London,
Kingston University and University of West London.

## euvsvirus

We participated in the [EUvsVirus](https://euvsvirus.org/) hackathon and got valuable contributions from a dedicated and passionate team of seven volunteers. You can see the results and the team [on DevPost](https://devpost.com/software/covoucher20-org).

# faq

## faq

Frequently Asked Questions

## voucherQ

What is a voucher?

## voucherA

A voucher is a certificate that entitles you to a product or service. For
example, if you exchange a 100 euro bill for a certificate saying "voucher worth
100 euros at hotel" then you can pay for a stay at that hotel with the
certificate.

## covoucherQ

What is a covoucher? What is mutualization of risk?

## covoucherA

The pandemic has placed strain on local hotels and consumers are reluctant to
take the risk of booking hotels. The essence of CoVoucher20 is the mutualization
of that risk: even if one hotel needs to close, another hotel close by can
fulfil the voucher. To help with hotel finances during the pandemic, we pay the
part of marginal profit directly to the hotel selling the voucher, another part
to the hotels' bankruptcy insurance scheme, and hold the remainder in an escrow
account. (If the hotel does not have bankruptcy insurance, we hold the whole
amount in an escrow account and the hotel can use the financial statements we
issue to secure a credit line from their bank.) When the lockdown ends,
consumers can convert the covoucher into a reservation and we pay that
remainder. If the hotel selling the voucher needs to close, we commit to finding
a hotel with a rating equal or higher that can provide accommodation near that
area, and we pay the remainder to that hotel.

## originalQ

What about the original idea of a voucher that converts to a donation?

## originalA

We started with the idea of supporting local businesses by letting consumers
purchase vouchers that converted to a donation in case of bankruptcy. As
countries are exiting lockdown, that original idea is now less relevant and we
have adapted to the next challenge, which is the crucial summer months for the
local tourism industry. Furthermore, many similar initiatives have used a
similar idea: although the following list is not an endorsement, we decided to
list them here so local businesses get all the help they can.

Switzerland: [Local Heroes](https://local-heroes.ch), [Soutien aux commerçants
de la Riviera](https://soutien-aux-commercants-riviera.ch).

Germany: [Gemeinsam da durch](https://helfen.gemeinsamdadurch.de), [Veedels
Retter (Koeln)](https://www.veedelsretter.koeln).

Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay: [Cuando todo termine](https://cuandotodotermine.com).

USA: [Corona Care Card](https://www.coronacarecard.com),
[Gydo.me](https://gydo.me), [SaveOurFaves](https://saveourfaves.org), and [Support Local (USA Today)](https://supportlocal.usatoday.com).

## surviveQ

What if the hotel selling the voucher does not survive?

## surviveA

In the unfortunate event that the hotel selling you the voucher does not
survive, we commit to finding a hotel with similar or higher rating in the
area. This is the mutualization of risk in our [Terms and Conditions](/policies)
to ensure that you can still plan your holiday and the region you visit can
provide you with accommodation.

## diyQ

Why not buy directly from the local hotels?

## diyA

We encourage you to do so if you can, as that is the best way to support hotels
and local tourism. CoVoucher20 is really designed to mutualize the uncertainty
around bankruptcy of local hotels by providing consumers with 100% money-back
guarantee and hotels with valuable information about future bookings.

## securityQ

How secure is your platform?

## securityA

We partner with [Stripe](https://stripe.com), an industry leader in financial
transactions valued at several billion dollars, to hold your financial
details. We send Stripe the details of the transaction, such as amount and the
identification of the local hotel receiving the funds, and Stripe requests
payment information directly from the consumer and processes the payment on our
behalf and splits the payment into most of the amount directly to the local
hotel and a small fee for us. We never hold your debit card or bank account
information on our servers. Aside from payments, we use industry-standard
procedures for information security: HTTPS for end-to-end encryption of
communication on the internet, secure and up-to-date servers, user passwords
stored with one-way encryption, etc.

## businessQ

What is CoVoucher20's business model?

## businessA

We are a social enterprise and not-for-covid-profit. We intermediate between
local hotels and their patrons and charge a small fee to cover our running
costs, so businesses receive as much as possible to survive through the crisis.

## feesQ

What are your fees?

## feesA

We charge businesses 6% in to cover our costs (equipment, financial
transactions, staff).

## saveQ

Can CoVoucher20 really save a local hotel?

## saveA1

Local hotels that benefit the most from CoVoucher20 are those with substantial
fixed costs and with enough profit in the future.

Consider the following example where a hotel started in December 2019 and
usually has 100k in income per 3-months, with 30k to pay rent and utilities, and
40k to pay employees. Suppose that the hotel can reduce variable costs to 20k
(e.g., staff decide to take a pay cut instead of getting fired). With no help at
all, the business bank account will be in the red during the crisis and the bank
may close the business.

## saveA2

With CoVoucher20, the business can bring forward 30k of income after the crisis to cover for fixed costs today. The bank account will be in the black and the business can survive.

## saveA3

If the business takes the risk of a loan from its bank, the end result would be
the same: 10k in the in October 2020. Yet, most local hotels do not have that
luxury or cannot take that risk. With CoVoucher20, you can save a local hotel.

In economics parlance, CoVoucher20 allows businesses to borrow against their
future income and to trade off their future marginal profit to cover their
present fixed costs. (We ignored interest rates, fees, and modest amounts of
inflation and deflation to keep this example simple; the main result with such
features is similar.)

## countriesQ

Which countries and currencies do you support?

## countriesA

We currently support the United Kingdom and many countries in the euro area:
Austria, Belgium, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy,
Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, and Spain.

## feminineQ

Why do you focus on feminine nouns in languages with genders?

## feminineA

We made this decision for languages that have a gender, i.e. most European
languages, as our way to honour women during the crisis. They are hit the
hardest by the pandemic: they work from home while caring for children, they
work in the health sector, and they are more at risk for domestic violence.

# policies

## title

Privacy and other policies

## subtitle

As a business handling payments, we understand that you may be concerned with how we handle your information. Please find all the details here:

## privacy

Privacy notice

## dataProtection

Data Protection Policy

## dataRetention

Data Retention Policy

## cookie

Cookie policy

## terms

Terms and conditions

# contact

## joinTitle

Join the cause

## joinText

If you feel hopeful and excited reading about us and believe that you can
contribute, please contact us with a request to join our communication channels
explaining your deep motivation and listing the transferable skills you can
provide.

## contactBody

You can contact us directly below:

## description

Description

## descriptionPlaceholder

Questions, comments, suggestions, ...

## submitLabel

Submit

## success

We have recorded your details. We will be in touch soon.

## error

Something went wrong. If the error persists, could you contact us through social media?

# request

## requestTitle

Get early access

## requestText

CoVoucher20 works by invitation only for now. If you believe your local tourism
area or your hotel would benefit from CoVoucher20, please use the form below
with your work email and we will contact you.

## requestAccess

Request access

## requestSucess

We have recorded your details. We will be in touch soon.

# subscribe
## followTitle

Follow us on social media

## follow

You can follow us on social media

## on

on

## mailingTitle

Join our mailing list

## mailingText

If you want to hear more or keep up to date, you can subscribe our mailing list:

## success

We have recorded your details. We will be in touch soon.

## error

Something went wrong, maybe you're already subscribed?

## namePlaceholder

First and last names

## joinList

Join mailing list

